[Outlook] (IdentityAPI) Conditions of using 1.3 (#2435)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/reference/requirement-sets/outlook-api-requirement-sets.md

|| classic Outlook UI when connected to<br>Exchange on-premises | [1.1](../objectmodel/requirement-set-1.1/outlook-requirement-set-1.1.md), [1.2](../objectmodel/requirement-set-1.2/outlook-requirement-set-1.2.md), [1.3](../objectmodel/requirement-set-1.3/outlook-requirement-set-1.3.md), [1.4](../objectmodel/requirement-set-1.4/outlook-requirement-set-1.4.md), [1.5](../objectmodel/requirement-set-1.5/outlook-requirement-set-1.5.md), [1.6](../objectmodel/requirement-set-1.6/outlook-requirement-set-1.6.md) |

> [!NOTE]
> <sup>1</sup> Support for **1.8** in Outlook on Windows with a Microsoft 365 subscription or a retail one-time purchase is available from version 1910 (build 12130.20272). Support for **1.9** in Outlook on Windows with a Microsoft 365 subscription is available from version 2008 (build 13127.20296). For more details according to your version, see the update history page for [Office 2019](/officeupdates/update-history-office-2019) or [Microsoft 365](/officeupdates/update-history-office365-proplus-by-date) and how to [find your Office client version and update channel](https://support.microsoft.com/office/932788b8-a3ce-44bf-bb09-e334518b8b19).
>

> > <sup>2</sup> To reference Identity API requirement set 1.3 in your add-in code, you must call `isSetSupported('IdentityAPI', '1.3')`. To directly use an API introduced in that requirement set, you can check that it's not `undefined`. See [Using APIs from later requirement sets](#using-apis-from-later-requirement-sets) for examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> <sup>2</sup> You cannot check that the Identity API requirement set version 1.3 is available by using the `<Requirements>` section in the manifest file. Instead call `isSetSupported('IdentityAPI', '1.3')` at runtime. Or check if the API is `undefined` as described in [Using APIs from later requirement sets](#using-apis-from-later-requirement-sets).
```
